Fix comments pertaining to code explanations (#35320)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/garbage-collection/implementing-disposeasync.md

# Implement a DisposeAsync method

> The <xref:System.IAsyncDisposable?displayProperty=nameWithType> interface was introduced as part of C# 8.0. You implement the <xref:System.IAsyncDisposable.DisposeAsync?displayProperty=nameWithType> method when you need to perform resource cleanup, just as you would when [implementing a Dispose method](implementing-dispose.md). One of the key differences, however, is that this implementation allows for asynchronous cleanup operations. The <xref:System.IAsyncDisposable.DisposeAsync> returns a <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.ValueTask> represents the asynchronous disposal operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <xref:System.IAsyncDisposable?displayProperty=nameWithType> interface was introduced as part of C# 8.0. You implement the <xref:System.IAsyncDisposable.DisposeAsync?displayProperty=nameWithType> method when you need to perform resource cleanup, just as you would when [implementing a Dispose method](implementing-dispose.md). One of the key differences, however, is that this implementation allows for asynchronous cleanup operations. The <xref:System.IAsyncDisposable.DisposeAsync> returns a <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.ValueTask> that represents the asynchronous disposal operation.
```

### The `DisposeAsyncCore` method

The `DisposeAsyncCore()` method is intended to perform the asynchronous cleanup of managed resources or for cascading calls to `DisposeAsync()`. It encapsulates the common asynchronous cleanup operations when a subclass inherits a base class that is an implementation of <xref:System.IAsyncDisposable>. The `DisposeAsyncCore()` method is `virtual` so that derived classes can define custom cleanup in their overrides.

> [!TIP]
> If an implementation of <xref:System.IAsyncDisposable> is `sealed`, the `DisposeAsyncCore()` method is not needed, and the asynchronous cleanup can be performed directly in the <xref:System.IAsyncDisposable.DisposeAsync?displayProperty=nameWithType> method.

## Implement the async dispose pattern

All nonsealed classes should be considered a potential base class, because they could be inherited. If you implement the async dispose pattern for any potential base class, you must provide the `protected virtual ValueTask DisposeAsyncCore()` method. Some of the following examples use a `NoopAsyncDisposable` class that is defined as follows:

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/dispose-async/NoopAsyncDisposable.cs":::

> Here's an example implementation of the async dispose pattern that uses the `NoopAsyncDisposable` type that implements `DisposeAsync` by returning <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.ValueTask.CompletedTask?displayProperty=nameWithType>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example implementation of the async dispose pattern that uses the `NoopAsyncDisposable` type. The type implements `DisposeAsync` by returning <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.ValueTask.CompletedTask?displayProperty=nameWithType>.
```

Reviewer: To avoid the double "that"...

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/dispose-async/ExampleAsyncDisposable.cs":::

In the preceding example:

- The `ExampleAsyncDisposable` is a nonsealed class that implements the <xref:System.IAsyncDisposable> interface.

> - It contains a private `IAsyncDisposable` field, `_example` that is initialized in the constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It contains a private `IAsyncDisposable` field, `_example`, that's initialized in the constructor.
```

Reviewer: The comma isn't a "before that" comma, it's an "after _example" comma.

- The `DisposeAsync` method delegates to the `DisposeAsyncCore` method and calls <xref:System.GC.SuppressFinalize%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> to notify the garbage collector that the finalizer doesn't have to run.
- It contains a `DisposeAsyncCore()` method that calls the `_example.DisposeAsync()` method, and sets the field to `null`.

> - The `DisposeAsyncCore()` method is `virtual` allowing subclasses to override it with custom behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `DisposeAsyncCore()` method is `virtual`, which allows subclasses to override it with custom behavior.
```

> - The `DisposeAsyncCore()` method is `virtual` allowing subclasses to override it with custom behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `DisposeAsyncCore()` method is `virtual`, which allows subclasses to override it with custom behavior.
```
